I'm in the model of our recipe book this app module is pretty big with which I mean it has a lot of
code inside of it.
Look at DS import statements.
We have a lot of import statements in this module because we have to reference a lot of types we use
in our module.
Now as a side note here's something very important import here is a typescript feature typescript needs
to know where a specific thing.
A class for example you use.
Where did layoffs.
Import here.
It's not related to angular modules in any way.
Typescript needs these inboards and in the end web spec which is used by DCL I will also go for Rudi's
imports and Bondel our app in one final bundle in the end.
Taking these imports and our dependencies into account.
But angler modules are something totally different angle angler modules define how our app looks like
to angular.
These imports here are a language feature and are simply required from a technical perspective.
But back to the app module.
Here we get a lot of import statements and then we got a lot of declarations imports and providers here
that defines our whole recipe book application.
And this works.
And as I said it's not bad to use this approach.
But we will be able to improve this by using multiple modules.
Now again I wanted to have a look at the individual elements in the app module or the module I should
say.
We have the declarations array.
We have the imports array we have the providers and this would strip array.
We will all delay to learn that there is a number property we can define here.
Now in the declarations array we define which components directives or pipes our app..
In this case since we have only one root AB module or in general this module uses So which components
pipes or directives does this module use in imports.
We define which ivory modules does this module use.
And here we are mostly importing some built in modules angler's ships with the browser module to Fordham's
module and so on and also our app routing module which simply defines the routes for our application.
Now when we import Navier module we basically import everything.
This module exports for us and we can see this at the example of the routing module.
Here we export d configured router module exports was as additional property I was referring to.
And this will become more important later in the section so we export the router module in this app
routing module and the only reason why we use the AB routing module here was to well sort of we don't
have to put all that code into the app module and make it even bigger.
But since we import the Abaroa immortal year which again exports the router module we simply get access
to everything we find in this router module in the routing module and that's the same 40 built in modules
life forms module the forms module simply defines a bunch of directives we can use when it comes to
forms like Engy model N-G model group.
You saw them in the forum section of this course and by importing the forms module here we get access
to all these directives.
So again it's just a way while saving us the time to having to import all these directives on our own.
Some modules will also provide services like the HTP module which allows us to inject the HTP service
and that is the idea behind modules.
It bundled certain functionalities and we can import them that will become even more import when we
start building our own modules.
Now the providers are already here.
Well that simply defines what services we may use in this Marchal And here is something important and
I will come back to this later.
Mostly that means in our app.
So here is special in the app module.
It definitely means that everything we provide here will be provided for the whole application which
means if you think about how a dependency injection worked then we will use one in the same instance
of each of the services here in our app which is exactly the behavior we want here.
Well MT bootstrap array that simply defines what's our root component the root component is something
different than the root module.
The root component simply is our well main component when we have our main template where we started
jittering all the other elements we use in the template here with the selector like app header or where
we define where to routeing already routed component should get loaded.
So that's the root component.
It's our well basically the starting point of what we see.
You could say of our business logic app Marchal is more of a meta thing.
It basically wraps our app and defines which features we use.
That's the app module that's the app component.
That's what these properties here do how we generally use modules and that should become even clearer
when we start creating our own Amber modules.
And very important that's the role imports play here.
A language feature not related to angular modules so that it should be clear what our app module here
does and what the individual pieces here do.
Now with that let's move on to learn which other modules we may build and how we may use them.
And then let's build and use them